README.md, before:

# Peter Šándor

[![Hits](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com/api/count/incr/badge.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fpetersandor%2Fpetersandor&count_bg=%2379C83D&title_bg=%23555555&icon=&icon_color=%23E7E7E7&title=Profile+Views&edge_flat=false)](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com)
[![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Twitter-1da1f2?labelColor=1da1f2&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&link=https://twitter.com/petesandor)](https://twitter.com/petesandor)
[![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/psandor/)
[![Instagram Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Instagram-purple?logo=instagram&logoColor=white&link=https://instagram.com/petersandor.name/)](https://www.instagram.com/petersandor.name)

[![Website Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Website-c14438?style=flat&logo=Google-Chrome&logoColor=white&link=https://petersandor.name)](https://petersandor.name)
[![Github](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/petersandor?label=Follow&style=social)](https://github.com/petersandor)

- 👨🏻‍💻 I started writing code in 2005
- 🏢 I have more than 10 years of enterprise software development experience
- 📚 I'm learning new things every day
- 🇸🇰 Based in Slovakia

### 🖥 Skills

- Application development (desktop, web, multi-platform)
- Debugging
- Performance optimisation
- Reverse engineering
- Penetration testing
- System administration

### ⚙️ Tech Stack

![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-05122A?style=plastic&logo=JavaScript&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-05122A?style=plastic&logo=TypeScript&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-05122A?style=plastic&logo=Node.js&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ReactiveX-05122A?style=plastic&logo=ReactiveX&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Angular-05122A?style=plastic&logo=Angular&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Ngrx-05122A?style=plastic&logo=Ngrx&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-05122A?style=plastic&logo=React&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Qt-05122A?style=plastic&logo=Qt&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Electron-05122A?style=plastic&logo=Electron&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-OpenCV-05122A?style=plastic&logo=OpenCV&color=353535)

### ✍🏻 Recent blog posts
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [Asus Vivobook X15](https://petersandor.name/blog/asus-vivobook-x15)
- [New blog, new stack](https://petersandor.name/blog/new-blog-new-stack)
- [ES2015/ES6 features](https://petersandor.name/blog/es2015-es6-features)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

<!-- 
### Stats

<div>
  <picture>
    <source
      srcset="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=petersandor&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=github_dark_dimmed"
      media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
    />
    <source
      srcset="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=petersandor&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=transparent"
      media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"
    />
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=petersandor&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=transparent" width="40%" />
  </picture>


  <picture>
    <source
      srcset="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=petersandor&theme=github_dark_dimmed"
      media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
    />
    <source
      srcset="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=petersandor&theme=transparent"
      media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"
    />
    <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=petersandor&theme=transparent" width="40%" />
  </picture>
</div>
-->

Commit message:

chore: added note explaining missing contributions
My current and/or previous employee(s) have not enabled unified contributions in their GitHub enterprise instance, therefore my contribution graph in public GitHub reflects only a small portion of the real activity I perform daily.

README.md, after:

# Peter Šándor

[![Hits](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com/api/count/incr/badge.svg?url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fpetersandor%2Fpetersandor&count_bg=%2379C83D&title_bg=%23555555&icon=&icon_color=%23E7E7E7&title=Profile+Views&edge_flat=false)](https://hits.seeyoufarm.com)
[![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Twitter-1da1f2?labelColor=1da1f2&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&link=https://twitter.com/petesandor)](https://twitter.com/petesandor)
[![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/psandor/)
[![Instagram Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Instagram-purple?logo=instagram&logoColor=white&link=https://instagram.com/petersandor.name/)](https://www.instagram.com/petersandor.name)

[![Website Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Website-c14438?style=flat&logo=Google-Chrome&logoColor=white&link=https://petersandor.name)](https://petersandor.name)
[![Github](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/petersandor?label=Follow&style=social)](https://github.com/petersandor)

- 👨🏻‍💻 I started writing code in 2005
- 🏢 I have more than 10 years of enterprise software development experience
- 📚 I'm learning new things every day
- 🇸🇰 Based in Slovakia

### 🖥 Skills

- Application development (desktop, web, multi-platform)
- Debugging
- Performance optimisation
- Reverse engineering
- Penetration testing
- System administration

### ⚙️ Tech Stack

![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-05122A?style=plastic&logo=JavaScript&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-TypeScript-05122A?style=plastic&logo=TypeScript&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Node.js-05122A?style=plastic&logo=Node.js&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ReactiveX-05122A?style=plastic&logo=ReactiveX&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Angular-05122A?style=plastic&logo=Angular&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Ngrx-05122A?style=plastic&logo=Ngrx&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-05122A?style=plastic&logo=React&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Qt-05122A?style=plastic&logo=Qt&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Electron-05122A?style=plastic&logo=Electron&color=353535) ![Bootstrap](https://img.shields.io/badge/-OpenCV-05122A?style=plastic&logo=OpenCV&color=353535)

### ✍🏻 Recent blog posts
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:START -->
- [Asus Vivobook X15](https://petersandor.name/blog/asus-vivobook-x15)
- [New blog, new stack](https://petersandor.name/blog/new-blog-new-stack)
- [ES2015/ES6 features](https://petersandor.name/blog/es2015-es6-features)
<!-- BLOG-POST-LIST:END -->

### 🪧 Note

The contribution graph may not reflect all the activity performed in private GitHub instance(s) of my past and/or future employer(s) due to the disabled [unified contributions](https://docs.github.com/en/github-ae@latest/admin/configuration/configuring-github-connect/enabling-unified-contributions-for-your-enterprise) feature.

<!-- 
### Stats

<div>
  <picture>
    <source
      srcset="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=petersandor&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=github_dark_dimmed"
      media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
    />
    <source
      srcset="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=petersandor&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=transparent"
      media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"
    />
    <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=petersandor&show_icons=true&locale=en&theme=transparent" width="40%" />
  </picture>


  <picture>
    <source
      srcset="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=petersandor&theme=github_dark_dimmed"
      media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)"
    />
    <source
      srcset="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=petersandor&theme=transparent"
      media="(prefers-color-scheme: light), (prefers-color-scheme: no-preference)"
    />
    <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=petersandor&theme=transparent" width="40%" />
  </picture>
</div>
-->
